ci: align agent with upstream (#236)
grahame-org/gnu-tools-for-stm32: .github/workflows/daily-test-improver.md

   - **Coverage commands**: How to generate coverage reports
   - **Lint/format commands**: Code quality tools used
   - **Test frameworks**: What testing frameworks and assertion libraries are used

> 3. Cross-reference against CI files, devcontainer configs, Makefiles, package.json scripts, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
Cross-reference against CI workflow files in `.github/workflows/` and build scripts in the repository root.
```

> Cross-reference against CI workflow files in `.github/workflows/` and build scripts in the repository root.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Cross-reference against CI workflow files in `.github/workflows/` and build scripts in the repository root.
```
